[MTM-57974] Release notes for: an error with logging out of a user us… (#1966)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-335-0-fixed-logging-out-of-an-user-if-an-error-occurs-during-updating-of-global-roles.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed logging out of an user if an error occurs during updating user global roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: OAI-Secure users are no longer logged out during global roles updates
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-57974
version: 10.20.335.0
---

> An error with logging out of a user using OAI-Secure has been fixed, the user is not logged out if an error occurs while assigning or unassigning global roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue has been fixed with logging out users using OAI-Secure during global roles updates. Now users are no longer logged out if an error occurs while assigning or unassigning global roles.
```
